Update to wgpu-native 0.17.0.2 (#370)
pygfx/wgpu-py: CHANGELOG.md

* New `wgpu.wgsl_language_features` property, which for now always returns an empty set.
* The `GPUShaderModule.compilation_info` property (and its async version) are replaced with a `get_compilation_info()` method.
* The WebGPU features "bgra8unorm-storage" and "float32-filterable" are now available.

Changed:

> * The binary wheels are now based on manylinux 2.29, and the 32bit Linux wheels are no longer build.

Reviewer: in ci.yml you're using 2.28

Author: nice catch - this was indeed a typo

> * The binary wheels are now based on manylinux 2.29, and the 32bit Linux wheels are no longer build.
> * In WGSL: toplevel constantas must be defined using `const`, using `let` will now fail.
> * In WGSL: it is no longer possible to re-declrare an existing variable name.
> * Error messages may look a bit different, since wgpu-native now produces nice messages replacing our custom ones.
> * Errors produced by a call into a wgpu-native function now produce a Python exception (no more async logging of errors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The binary wheels are now based on manylinux 2.28, and the 32bit Linux wheels are no longer built.
* In WGSL: toplevel constants must be defined using `const`, using `let` will now fail.
* In WGSL: it is no longer possible to re-declare an existing variable name.
* Error messages may look a bit different, since wgpu-native now produces nice messages replacing our custom ones.
* Errors produced by a call into a wgpu-native function now produce a Python exception (no more async logging of errors).
```
